3.0 configuration: replication administration (#3890)
tarantool/doc: doc/book/admin/replication/repl_reseed.rst

Reseeding a replica
================================================================================

> If any of a replica's write-ahead log or snapshot files are corrupted or deleted, you can "re-seed" the replica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any of a replica's write-ahead log or snapshot files are corrupted or deleted, you can reseed the replica.
```

This procedure works only if the master's write-ahead logs are present.

1.  Stop the replica using the :ref:`tt stop <tt-stop>` command.

2.  Delete write-ahead logs and snapshots stored in the ``var/lib/<instance_name>`` directory.

    .. NOTE::

        ``var/lib`` is the default directory used by tt to store write-ahead logs and snapshots.
        Learn more from :ref:`Configuration <tt-config>`.

3.  Start the replica using the :ref:`tt start <tt-start>` command.
    The replica should catch up with the master by retrieving all the master's tuples.

> 4.  (Optional) If you're reseeding a replica after a replication conflict, you also need to :ref:`restart replication <replication-master-master-resolve-conflict>`.

Reviewer 2: You shouldn't restart replication on the replica which was just reseeded. The replication should be restarted on master, because it won't automatically reconnect to the reseeded replica.

Reviewer 2: Ok, I see this is mentioned in the link.
